at the dark shaman with the new
patch 5.4 first a very same
important note and that is likely with
Do not fight this in the room inside
but he pulls her out the same way
the open space of simply the place
will need and accordingly good
to dodge
you fight against 2.10 shaman which
sitting on two warships and
First you kill the war wolves
and meanwhile, she grabs
the shamans tank the twelve
go achieved very quickly about
So you can maybe think about it
hours of fighting right at the beginning
to do it more quickly and as possible
Do not die or thirst before them
wolves are that such a club after
make her front has about 600,000
harm the market and could be offered as soon as possible
the wolves are down everyone has
tank up shamans and you should then
try these a little further apart
to refuel and only for a short time if times
just no skills announced
these will contract in the mixed
to be able to
but otherwise this is important now
to refuel just because the
skills like the thunderstorm or too
this green father could ground
the same will see or the apps
appear
the end of the game is played by players and
that can be done by the
we are pulling the entire room here
would cyclone storm there you have of course
dodge and also what you something here
worse 7
this crackling cloud would be in the now
near the shaman is located out of it
then arises the cyclone but the
makes a lot of damage
So you should definitely go out there
Run to fast auckland and nobody
He is the new interface in the view field
because he already gets hurt
now just seen of that
we really in front of the swirl actually
So if it just hurt
then get away and company
the ability would be exported at
first two a bit surprised though
the doctors only have 400,000 live the
can then quite well practically built
therefore
they are also very slow so soon
The exports make everyone a feast
idea what's needed then runs
just go away and they can
practically not an important stop
once you had while running on that you
do not you not from a summit meeting
lets and thus practically not
Constant damage will just keep it that way
my damage gets right away
walk a few meters further until he
have no more that everyone has two
Bossen succeeds in having it over
400 million I believe you do
another 15
that is when he just does not care
bee looks or multi-power there
not both of these then down to
bring as soon as you reach 30 percent
are you still fighting yourself?
bausch and of course increase theirs
hurt again considerably
very nicely sting pentagon shaman that
fire red he measures that skills
the swirls
This is what the apps will be about forever
I asked the shamans about the totems
pose triggered and therefore could then
see how far he is right at the beginning
practically run away you have this
elementary because those form straight line
Of course, this does not mean everyone is running
said doing harm and out of the fire
was probably now the comet
of course it would have to be there
rauslaufen
because otherwise we are here very much
look beautiful can you right's even
times the fire threatened right back
a comet that invades and the
elementary but stay from the first
Termin are thus blocked then you
the longer the fight takes more and more
the roads and therefore it is likely
makes sense to be on a corner too
some where handy at the post office
be lowered and be consistent with it
to move the world in one direction
just to have enough space does
to be able to select the whole effects
what is her still a significant disadvantage
is not that much you are so much
thought is the elevations that
can be practical after the ge be in
terms of range or any ao
effects or at majors wink or
so that's not what you want
effect her husband should be
I'll say a very big one
Sophisticated fits so if you are
well placed and especially the
ability to keep in mind this should
so far no problem
the longer the fight lasts all the more
Of course it will be more difficult here
are already could pull relatively well
a short time now a lot of the
Bank put many toxic fields what
Of course, a relatively high
damage
if people do not have to go out there with them
so bring themselves out as more and would
as fast as possible and then you should
you have no problem with the boards
should give it ask questions this
easy in the comments and otherwise
look through the other videos with it
the best on the new instance
be prepared